html lang en-us

head
    charset
    name
    title and desc. can look up seo later
    whatever else goes in the head
    set meta viewport?
    do you need to set canonical link?
    meta tags for social media

meta tags

meta properties

microdata? for search engines

styles
for title use gilbert baker font or outline style (both downloaded in documents folder)
gilbert font attribution in footer
for paragraph text use inclusive sans
throw a couple bucks toward whatever fonts you use

I want a single page website
sectioned off like wptk.org
first section about me
second section faq or smth? list of services? testimonials? in faq, talk about location. I'm located in ann arbor and can do in person or remote.
third section contact form
second and third sections open and closeable maybe?
where can I put in pictures to make this look friendly?
within nav, click to scroll to testimonials or w/e and open the drawer

script like olu/bear's to make a map of where cursor was moved, except for everyone not just robots?

add footer or delete its css style


inspirations:
olu.online (and by extension bearblog.dev)
wptk.org (completely redesigned since I wrote this)
hermit-tech.com

more to-dos:
url ideas
url buy
email address for this website
put email on contact form like "Reach me at email@address or via this form:"
pick a serif font
set input focus color

tests once hosted:
on mobile android
on mobile iphone
safari (webkit)
chrome
SANITIZE INPUTS
input errors
input success
if honeypot then discard email

url thoughts:
looking at tlds: .pal, .now, .me, .love, .garden, .engineer, .coach, .coffee, .aware, .aspect, .art, .world, .zone, .talk, .spot, .solutions, .page
happiness minutes
better with kellan
organize your life
it's all projects
adhd coaching
project coaching
project based coaching
ksh sounds like a cymbal
kellancanhelpwithyourproject (.coach is 60/yr, .solutions is 25/yr, .talk is 30/yr, .com is 11/yr)
ksh-coach (.com 11/yr, .now 30/yr, .talk 30/yr)
kellanheth.com 11/yr, kellanheth.net 12/yr, kellanheth.coach 62/yr
kellanprojectsolutions too long
kellan-coaches.com 11/yr

coach has motivational platitudes connotation
assisting in organizational tasks
task assistant is too vague but that's kind of what it is

examples:
organizing in order to get new clients as a tutor
getting health insurance
making a video game for the first time as a solo developer


