my process for making a website

considered my options re:tech to make it
react and django is one obvious choice
however I really don't need much for this website
so let's keep it simple. which is also sort of complex for me, since I'm used to React!
looked for a neocities tutorial since I know that's a popular choice for static webpages
asked friends for personal websites they thought were cool
picked two to look to as benchmarks
analyzed the structure of each. in one document per site, noted the main html elements, and took notes in pseudocode for my own website.
noted things like microdata and meta tags intended for social media which I could look into later for better recognition of the site
realized that one of the sites was made using a blogging platform that I could use (bearblog.dev). considered using that instead. realized that I already felt like I had a good handle on what was going on in the website and I might as well go with that instinct and leave it flexible rather than use a given platform. anyway, I can use the skill of making a website in html and css and hosting it more than I can reuse the skill of bearblog.dev.
realized that the other site is poorly made. lots of divs where there could be semantic html. many little flourishes present in the first website and not in the second, such as handling of robots--which is okay! as far as my study is concerned. clearly it works well enough for the guy who made it and the person who shared it with me. what I really like about it is the visual structure and how it looks similar on various page sizes.
used kate as ide
for font, browsed the website where olu.online's font was hosted, as well as remembered a cool title font I saw years ago (Gilbert)
used coolors.co and the gilbert font colors to brainstorm color palettes
used mdn as reference e.g. for form controls
more and more I wanted real text to put in the website and design around. scheduled help rubberducking, to make it less scary.
first real css hurdle: details element showing the arrow above the summary element instead of beside it
looked up how to formulate a contact form in 2025. want it to work well and minimize spam if possible. found a couple tutorials for php. never touched php but this doesn't look too bad. and every single thing about a mail contact form has been done a million times.
watched a video about choosing a URL and brainstormed. will show to other ppl before finalizing
chose fonts for accessibility
struggled with contact form css
